README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://timbo-dev.github.io/konekti/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
        <img width="180" src="docs/public/media/konekti-logo.svg" alt="Konekti logo">
    </a>
    <h1 align="center">
        Konekti
    </h1>
    <h2 align="center">
        Develop with Ease, Master with Utility!
    </h2>
</p>
<br/>
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/org/konekti">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-packages-green" alt="npm packages">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/timbo-dev/konekti/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
        <img src="https://github.com/timbo-dev/konekti/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main" alt="ci status">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/timbo-dev/konekti/actions/workflows/deploy.yml">
        <img src="https://github.com/timbo-dev/konekti/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg?branch=main" alt="deploy status">
    </a>
</p>

## What is Konekti?
Konekti (the Esperanto word for "utility") is a monorepo that contains common utility functions used by me, functions that you probably won't use. I created this [documentation](https://timbo-dev.github.io/konekti/introduction/) to make my repository more organized, and for my future self, in a few months or years, to understand "WHAT CODE IS THIS??" All kidding aside, if something interests you and you think, “Hmm, I should use this,” feel free to use it. This repository consists of utility types, general utility functions, and data generator functions.

Konekti is designed to be used in different types of projects, from frontend React website projects to backend tests, although some functions are specifically designed for my personal use.

## Why should you use Konekti?
I really don't know why, but I don't want to discourage you. Go ahead, experiment with some Konekti functions that interest you, and if you really like it... then why not?

## How do these docs work?
This documentation is divided into several sections that represent the packages. Each section is about a single package, and the purpose of this is to provide independent and easy access to the packages you want to explore. Refer to the [Packages](https://timbo-dev.github.io/konekti/packages/) section to see the list of packages.

## Packages

| Packages                                                                                                                    | Last Version | Github                                                                                                                                                 | Npm                                                                                                                       |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [@konekti/swc-plugin-module-exports](https://timbo-dev.github.io/konekti/packages/swc-plugin-module-exports/#konekti-either)| `1.0.0`      | <a href="https://github.com/timbo-dev/konekti/tree/main/packages/swc-plugin-module-exports"><img src="./docs/assets/github.svg" alt="Github Icon"></a> | <a href="https://npmjs.com/package/@konekti/swc-plugin-module-exports"><img src="docs/assets/npm.svg" alt="Npm Icon"></a> |

## License

[MIT](LICENSE).

Commit message:

📝 docs(README.md): change utilajo text to konekti
I forgot to change the boilerplate this is the reason why you should be careful when copy and paste code.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://timbo-dev.github.io/konekti/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
        <img width="180" src="docs/public/media/konekti-logo.svg" alt="Konekti logo">
    </a>
    <h1 align="center">
        Konekti
    </h1>
    <h2 align="center">
        Empower Your Projects with Plugins!
    </h2>
</p>
<br/>
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/org/konekti">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-packages-green" alt="npm packages">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/timbo-dev/konekti/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
        <img src="https://github.com/timbo-dev/konekti/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main" alt="ci status">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/timbo-dev/konekti/actions/workflows/deploy.yml">
        <img src="https://github.com/timbo-dev/konekti/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg?branch=main" alt="deploy status">
    </a>
</p>

## What is Konekti?

Konekti (the Esperanto word for "plugin" or "to connect") is a monorepo that consolidates plugins from other tools and extensions. Konekti is the icing on the cake for libraries, or perhaps not; the reason for the existence of this documentation is that, in a few weeks or months, I will probably forget everything (**Basically, this is to understand what the hell I'm doing**). I don't know if what you will see here will help you, but I hope it does. Good luck!

Konekti is designed to be used in different types of projects, but some plugins and extensions are for specific platforms or tools, and some plugins are specifically designed for my personal use.

## Why should you use Konekti?

**I'm not quite sure why, but I don't want to discourage you. Feel free to explore various Konekti plugins and extensions that pique your interest, and if you find them truly appealing... well, why not give it a shot?**

## How do these docs work?

This documentation is divided into several sections that represent the packages. Each section is about a single package, and the purpose of this is to provide independent and easy access to the packages you want to explore. Refer to the [Packages](https://konekti.timbo.me/packages/) section to see the list of packages.

## Packages

| Packages                                                                                                                    | Last Version | Github                                                                                                                                                 | Npm                                                                                                                       |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [@konekti/swc-plugin-module-exports](https://timbo-dev.github.io/konekti/packages/swc-plugin-module-exports/#konekti-either)| `1.0.1`      | <a href="https://github.com/timbo-dev/konekti/tree/main/packages/swc-plugin-module-exports"><img src="./docs/assets/github.svg" alt="Github Icon"></a> | <a href="https://npmjs.com/package/@konekti/swc-plugin-module-exports"><img src="docs/assets/npm.svg" alt="Npm Icon"></a> |

## License

[MIT](LICENSE).
